chore: Release matrix-sdk version 0.8.0 (#4291)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: crates/matrix-sdk/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [0.8.0] - 2024-11-19

### Bug Fixes

- Add more invalid characters for room aliases.

- Match the right status code in `Client::is_room_alias_available`.

- Fix a bug where room keys were considered to be downloaded before backups were
  enabled. This bug only affects the
  `BackupDownloadStrategy::AfterDecryptionFailure`, where no attempt would be
  made to download a room key, if a decryption failure with a given room key
  would have been encountered before the backups were enabled.

### Documentation

- Improve documentation of `Client::observe_events`.

### Features

> - Add `create_room_alias` function.
> 
> 
> - `Client::cross_process_store_locks_holder_name` is used everywhere:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `create_room_alias` function.

- `Client::cross_process_store_locks_holder_name` is used everywhere:
```

 - `StoreConfig::new()` now takes a
   `cross_process_store_locks_holder_name` argument.
 - `StoreConfig` no longer implements `Default`.
 - `BaseClient::new()` has been removed.
 - `BaseClient::clone_with_in_memory_state_store()` now takes a
   `cross_process_store_locks_holder_name` argument.
 - `BaseClient` no longer implements `Default`.
 - `EventCacheStoreLock::new()` no longer takes a `key` argument.
 - `BuilderStoreConfig` no longer has
   `cross_process_store_locks_holder_name` field for `Sqlite` and
   `IndexedDb`.

- `EncryptionSyncService` and `Notification` are using `Client::cross_process_store_locks_holder_name`.

- Allow passing a custom `RequestConfig` to an upload request.

- Retry uploads if they've failed with transient errors.

- Implement `EventHandlerContext` for tuples.

> - This patch introduces a mechanism similar to `Client::add_event_handler` and
>   `Client::add_room_event_handler` but with a reactive programming pattern. This
>   patch adds `Client::observe_events` and `Client::observe_room_events`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce a mechanism similar to `Client::add_event_handler` and
  `Client::add_room_event_handler` but with a reactive programming pattern. Add
  `Client::observe_events` and `Client::observe_room_events`.
```
